ABOUT CHHATRAPATI SHAHU JI MAHARAJ UNIVERSITY (CSJMU) :- Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj (CSJM) University, situated in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, shines as a symbol of excellence in the higher education landscape of India. Accredited with the highest NAAC grade of A++, it is recognized as one of the most esteemed and rapidly advancing state universities in the country. Recently designated as a Tier-I University/Institution by the University Grants Commission, CSJM University is committed to perpetual enhancement in academics, innovation, and research. CSJM University has also found a place in the QS Asia Ranking 2025 and QS Sustainability 2025 rankings. CSJM University, Kanpur has been on the map of higher education for more than five decades. With a steadfast trajectory of progress since its establishment in 1966, it now boasts of a vibrant campus wing and approximately 700 affiliated colleges across seven districts of Uttar Pradesh. The University offers a comprehensive array of undergraduate, postgraduate, and doctoral programs in diverse disciplines such as Arts, Science, Commerce, Agriculture, Computer Applications, Management, and Medicine, among others in its affiliated colleges. The university campus spans across a sprawling campus of 264 acres and houses 13 schools and institutes, encompassing over 28 departments. These include School of Engineering & Technology, School of Business Management, Atal Bihari Vajpayee School of Legal Studies, Schools of Life  Sciences & Biotechnology, School of Basic Sciences, School of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Languages, School of Health Sciences, School of Performing and Creative Arts, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, School of Advanced Agriculture Sciences and Technology, School of Education, and School of Hospitality, Tourism and Catering Technology. The university campus offers a comprehensive array of highly sought-after undergraduate, postgraduate, and doctoral programs such as B.Tech/M.Tech, BBA/MBA, BCA/MCA, LLB/LLM, BSc/MSc, B.Com/M.Com, BA/MA, B.Pharma, D.Pharma, BHMCT, BDes, BVoc and PhD, among others.  The university campus fosters a vibrant academic environment where approximately 12,000 students from diverse backgrounds study together in a congenial atmosphere. With a wide range of academic programs, distinguished teachers, diverse co-curricular activities, illustrious alumni, modern infrastructure, state-of-art sports facilities, e-learning portal, rich library, and e-library resources, CSJM University has emerged as a centre of progressive learning experience. The outcomes of the Research projects and Doctoral researches completed and/or being done in most of the above disciplines pertaining to Engineering, Science and Technology, Arts and Humanities, Social Sciences etc. are at par with international standards. The university has a Section 8 company for promoting innovation and entrepreneurship amongst its students, faculty members and others in its jurisdiction. Apart from its academic and research activities, CSJM University is also well known for non-academic services to local and national communities through its NCC and NSS offices. The university has a rich cultural and historical legacy, with its notable alumni serving at eminent positions, nationally and internationally. 

ABOUT University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) :- The School of Engineering and Technology (UIET) at Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University, Kanpur, is dedicated to providing quality  technical education and fostering innovation, research, and professional excellence. The school offers undergraduate and postgraduate programs in various engineering and technology disciplines, designed to equip students with strong theoretical knowledge and practical skills. With modern laboratories, experienced faculty members, and a dynamic academic environment, the school emphasizes creativity, critical thinking, and problemþsolving abilities. It also promotes research activities, industry collaboration, and skill development to prepare students for the rapidly evolving technological landscape. The School of Engineering and Technology aims to nurture competent engineers, innovators, and responsible professionals who contribute to technological advancement, sustainable development, and the growth of society.