Admission Process in CSJMU for all courses :-
1. Register and apply online at www.csjmu.ac.in or http://admission.csjmu.ac.in/WRNRegistration/Registration  2. After completion of registration process by candidate, WRN (Unique ID) generated.  3. Candidate is required to save WRN for future references. 4. After declaration of Merit List and Counselling Schedule, the selected candidates must ensure to visit the department on notified dates. 5. Information is provided on Programme, Course, Fee, etc by the Counsellor/Faculty.  6. Eligibility Document Filling of Online: Re-admission In for fee Verified.  7. Process Form by payment candidate in offline mode.  8. Programme fee deposited by the candidate through Provisional dmission both online and offline admission granted.  9. Finalised modes within the notified time period.

B.TECH PROGRAM :- Admission to the B.Tech program is done in the month of May-July through CSJM University B.Tech Admission Portal strictly on the basis of JEE Mains Rank. For B.Tech programs, the minimum qualification for the admission is as per the norms of JEE conducted by NTA. However, in case of vacant seats after the last round of counselling, vacant seats are filled through direct admissions based on marks in 12th examination. Lateral admissions to the 2nd year are permitted based on merit for candidates who have passed 3rd year Diploma from institutions recognised by UPBTE in any branch of engineering.

M.TECH PROGRAM :- Admission is done on the basis of merit. The candidate should have passed B.Tech from a recognised institution or M.Sc. in specific branches as per requirement of each department. Preference is given to GATE qualified candidates.

BCA PROGRAM :- Admission to the BCA program is based on merit. The candidate should have passed 12th in any subjects from a recognised board.

MCA PROGRAM :- Admission is done on the basis of a screening test / programming test conducted by CSJM University. The candidate should have graduation with Mathematics or graduation in any subjects with Maths in class 12th.

B.VOC (Interior Design / Fashion & Apparel Design) :- Admission to the B.Voc program is done on the basis of merit. The candidate should have passed 10+2 from a recognized board or or 10+3 diploma

INTEGRATED M.SC ELECTRONICS PROGRAM :- Admission to this program is based on merit. The candidate should 10+2 passed with Physics and Mathematics from a recognised board for entry in 1st year and BSc (PCM) for entry in 4th year

BACHELOR OF DESIGN (B.DES.) :- Admission to the B.Des. program is done on the basis of merit. The candidate should have passed 10+2 or 10+3 from a recognised board with a minimum of 45% marks.

ENGINEERING DIPLOMA :- Admission to Engineering Diploma programs is done on the basis of merit. The candidate should have passed 10th or equivalent from a recognised board with Science and Mathematics as compulsory subjects.