GUIDELINES FOR ADMISSION TO UNIVERSITY CAMPUS/AFFILIATED COLLEGES 
1. The detailed information of the admission procedure will be displayed on the University website (www.csjmu.ac.in). Candidates are advised to check the University website regularly for updates. 


2. All admissions to different programmes running in the University campus or affiliated colleges of CSJM University will be made through the Admission Portal available on the University website. 


3. The dates of admission/teaching/examination shall be implemented as per the University Academic Calendar. 


4. The candidate will register (WRN Direct Registration) on the Admission Portal available on the website for admission to programmes where for admissions are based on merit. (check Flowsheet for details of the registration and application process)


(i) The candidate will select the faculty/programme along with campus/college in which admission is sought (Science/Arts/Commerce/ Agriculture/Management etc.). 
(ii) The candidate while applying at the admission portal has the maximum permissible limit of choosing 3 programmes in a maximum of 10 departments/colleges. 
(iii) Based on the registrations to different programmes, the admission process will be completed by the respective institutes/departments of the University campus or the affiliated colleges after verification of documents and payment of fees. 
(iv) University/ Colleges will admit students as per eligibility and availability of seats and based on their merit in qualifying examination. 
(v) For admissions based on merit, some institutes/departments may have additional requirements such as personal interviews/group discussions/short written tests/physical fitness test etc. 


5. For admission to programmes based on Entrance Examination, a separate Admission Portal will be available on the CSJM University website. (check Flowsheet for details of the registration and application process for programmes with Entrance Examination) 


6. For admission to the B. Tech programme, where admission will be on the basis of JEE Mains Rank, candidates need to register for counselling on the B.Tech Admission Portal. All details related to admission to the B. Tech programme will be available on the B. Tech Admission Portal. 


7. For admission to the undergraduate programmes of the University, a candidate should have passed the Intermediate examination of the Board of High School and Intermediate Education, Uttar Pradesh or of any Board recognized by the university or any other examination recognized by the University as equivalent at the time of admission (List of approved Boards list in Appendix 1) 


8. For admission to the postgraduate programmes of the University, a candidate should have completed graduation (Three-year Degree Programme) from the University or from any Indian University recognized by CSJM University in the subject offered at the University as per the pre-requisite in the subject in which admission is sought. 


9. Candidates who have appeared at the qualifying examinations are also eligible to apply but admission shall be provisional and shall be considered regular only on their being declared successful in the qualifying examinations for which the candidate has to submit the proof of their being successful in the form of marksheet of certificate duly authenticated. 


10. The reservation in admissions to all programmes of CSJM University shall be given as permissible under the Uttar Pradesh Government / University Rules. 


11. The benefit of reservation will be permissible only to Scheduled Castes/ Scheduled Tribes/Other Backward Classes and EWS candidates originally belonging to Uttar Pradesh. Scheduled Castes/ Scheduled Tribes/Other Backward Classes and EWS candidates of other states will be treated as general category. 


12. The University will grant admission to talented players against sports quota (to be fixed from time to time) based on trials. All the players who get admission in sports quota shall have to give an undertaking at the time of admission to Secretary, Sports Council, in which they shall mention that they will take part in the Inter-University/National tournaments. 


13. A candidate shall be recognized as a student of the affiliated college/School on University campus only when his/her application form for admission has been accepted by the Principal of the college/ Director of respective School, his/her prescribed fees has been paid and all the necessary documents such as transfer certificate, migration certificate, character certificate, caste certificate etc. as desired by the Principal of the college/Director of respective School has submitted. If for certain reasons, a student is unable to submit certain certificates at the time of admission, the Principal of the college/Director of respective School may admit him/her provisionally subject to the condition that his/ her admission will be confirmed only when he/she has submitted all the necessary certificates and documents within the dates prescribed by the Principal of the college/Director of respective School. 


14. Information for candidates seeking admission to affiliated colleges of the University – 
(i) No student shall be allowed transfer from self-finance college to aided college. 
(ii) Provided that a post-graduate student of one college seeking admission to another college in the same locality (district) for a second post- graduate course will not be required to submit a transfer certificate but only a letter of recommendation from the Principal of his college. 
(iii) Provided further that a student may be allowed to migrate from one affiliated college to another after his application for admission to the ensuing examination has been forwarded to the University except, as per decision of Admission Committee meeting dated 07.08.2015: 
a) Normally a student shall not be allowed to change colleges. 
b) Subject to fulfillment of conditions of Ordinance, or transfer of Parents or Guardians and change in place due to Marriage/ any other relevant and genuine reason, Registrar may permit change in college in view of NOC/agreement between Principals of the two concerned colleges. 
c) Admission of students due to transfer from other University shall be considered after ascertaining equivalence of concerned course by Dean/ Subject Convener. 
d) Upon fulfilling the above, the Vice-Chancellor may accord permission for transfer. 
(iv) A candidate seeking admission to a college after the commencement of the session shall be required to pay tutorial dues from July of the year unless he/she migrates from some other recognized institution and has paid his/her fees in that institution upto the month preceding. 
(v) When a student has made all payment, the Principal shall grant a transfer or leaving certificate in the form prescribed. 
(vi) Except with the permission of the Principal of the college of which the student is a member, a student shall be refused admission to a college from which his/her transfer certificate was issued. 


15. Admission of applicants for undergraduate courses having more than 5 gap years between eligibility degree and date of admission shall be permitted in the light of NEP 2020. 


16. The affiliated colleges/Schools on university campus shall not admit any student beyond the number of seats approved by the University. 


17. Those candidates who have been expelled from any University/ College/ Institution or punished in a criminal case or a criminal case is registered against them are not eligible to apply for any programmes in CSJM University. 


18. If any candidate gets admission on the basis of false information /improper means or on the basis of false marksheet/certificates, his/her admission will be cancelled with immediate effect. 


19. As directed by the Hon’ble Supreme Court, action will be taken against the students who indulge in incidences of ragging during studentship. 


20. University reserves the right to cancel any admission at any stage.  


21. In case of any matters relating to admissions in CSJM University, the decision of the Vice- Chancellor, CSJM University shall be final and binding. 


22. All the legal matters pertaining to admissions to CSJM University shall be subject to the Kanpur Jurisdiction only. 